Ethan and Isaac, with wide, sparkling eyes, stepped into the bustling, vibrant zoo. Today 
wasn't just any visit; they had a special mission! A friendly zookeeper, with a twinkle in her
eye, handed them a rolled-up scroll tied with a bright ribbon. "This," she whispered, "is the 
'Mystery Animal Map.' Follow the clues, work together, and you might just discover the zoo's 
most extraordinary creature!" Their hearts thumped with anticipation. The first clue read: "I 
have a long neck, and leaves I chew, look for me where the acacia trees grew." Ethan, with his
keen eye, scanned the overhead signs, while Isaac, quick-witted, remembered seeing a large 
enclosure nearby.

They confidently strode towards the towering giraffes, marveling at their graceful movements. 
But the next clue proved more perplexing: "My stripes are black and white, but I'm not a zebra
in the night. You'll find me where the snow-capped mountains loom, in a chilly, rocky room." 
Ethan felt a flicker of frustration; "Snow-capped mountains?" he mused. Isaac, though, had an 
idea. "Remember the 'Big Cat' exhibit? Some live in cold places!" Together, they studied the 
zoo map, tracing different paths, discussing possibilities. When one felt stumped, the other 
offered a fresh perspective. They navigated past chattering monkeys and ponderous rhinos, 
their determination growing with every shared thought.

Finally, after much thoughtful collaboration, they arrived at a cool, misty habitat. There, a 
magnificent snow leopard, with piercing blue eyes and a thick, spotted coat, watched them from
atop a rocky ledge. "We found it!" they whispered, beaming. Their teamwork had paid off, 
leading them to such a rare and beautiful sight. As the day drew to a close and the zoo 
quieted, Ethan and Isaac walked hand-in-hand, their adventure complete. They felt a warm glow 
not just from seeing the amazing animals, but from the wonderful feeling of working together, 
making even the trickiest quest feel easy and fun. Their minds filled with snowy mountains and
long-necked friends, they knew that with a friend by your side, anything was possible, and 
soon, they drifted off to dreams of more grand adventures.
